[Music]
hi it's agatha welcome and welcome back
to my channel
and for today's video i am going to
share with you the different blush
placement that you can use
and you can try for yourself to see what
blush placement suits you the best
so before we get started please make
sure to like this video
and subscribe to my channel as well just
a quick disclaimer
i am doing this video for the sake of
education and sharing you some
informations
but you don't have
because we all have different types of
faces faces
face shape
[Music]
so it's just
placement or application normally a
different blush placement
by the way i am going to use the visco
ara blush in the shade winner for this
video
okay let's start off with the first one
which i
call as the diagonal blush as you can
see i put the blush in a diagonal manner
on top of my cheekbones yes you heard it
right it's on top of my cheekbones and
not on my cheekbones
because i feel like when i put it on top
of my cheekbones
my face looks much lifted and fresh
it also complements my face shape so if
you have
or if we have the same face shape which
is hard then
this is the kind of blush application
that suits you the best and this is also
my go-to application
when i just want that fresh and natural
look
so if you can tell my face looks lifted
and
next would be the apple blush and i call
it as such because you put the blush on
top or
on the apples of your cheeks i'm sure
that this application used to be the
first application we did when applying
blush
but this is not or i am not into this
kind of application because it
emphasizes the roundness of my cheeks
and when i smile it drags my cheeks down
okay i need
a bed but this application looks good if
you have oval face shape
on to the next one which is the draping
blush and this is actually a trend
during the 80s
i like this application so much for it
lifts my face and make it look fresh as
you control
this look will vary depending on the
face
shape of course and the shade of blush
that you use but i like to use this
with a cool toned pink blush or
if i want to put on a soft glam makeup
look
there you go alasha
girl moving on to the next one which
is the contour blush i'm really not
familiar with this kind
of application because i just heard it
recently and i just saw it
once but some people like to use this if
they have rounder face shape
before it gives sort of an angle to
their face
and it slims their cheekbone area
and there you go
lastly we are heading on to the last one
which is
the famous drunk blush and actually a
lot of people
have been doing this kind of application
wrong
because you only put the blush on the
middle and not
on your entire cheek area
and this is what i heard from jelly bean
on a deen loose dress makeup artist
so yeah
so that concludes our video for today
like and subscribe to my channel if you
want to see more of me
and if you do have some suggestions
leave them down
below i'll see you in my next one bye
[Music]